I think that the military has one of the best educational systems in all
of America. I've been to a public university, private university,
community college, and I think that the best education that I've ever
received was from the military, and there's a reason for this. They
want to make sure that the people that go through their educational
system, whether it's for two weeks, whether it's for two years, you
need to know your stuff very well. People's lives are gonna be at
risk and you have to be able to handle multimillion dollar equipment
without breaking it. After that, after your military career if you
choose to do something else, people know this. So that's why sixty
percent of the nuclear technologists outside are ex-Navy because they
know that the Navy people know their jobs well. Regardless of what
your job is, whether it's being a spy as a crytotechnologist, whether
it's being the nuclear Navy, whether it's being the cook. At the
end, people will know that you've done your job well, you have the education
for it, and you have lots of work experience with it. So your
future education looks bright with a job in military.